Now, let's say we want to make this say hello a little bit more dynamic.
In fact, let's also change this name to say hello.
It's no longer valid, right?
Let's change this to something else now because I know that say hello is being called here and whenever
we want to change something in all occurrences, right?
Meaning if I change, hear this name, it will also reflect where are we calling?
And we could have called this many other places as well if this was an extensive program.
What you can do is you can right click just quickly hear me say, refactor and I say change like that
or rename it.
So when you do that, then you can actually see that it's going to affect all other places where we
are calling say, hello.
So in this case, I'm going to say calculate something like that if you enter and then you can see it
change to where we're calling as well.
OK, so back to what we want to accomplish here.
We want to make sure that instead of hard coding these values, the range values, what if we wanted
to make it so that these numbers, the ranges are actually passed through as parameters right in our
function here?
So that takes us to another particularity about functions is that we can actually pass parameters that
can be used inside of this.
So in this case here, I'm going to say I want the parameter to be what?
So in this case here, I'm going to say first, it's going to be in each type.
So I say calling like that and say it.
And then second, it's also going to be an int type as well.
So what's happening here is that we're saying whenever this is called, we need to pass first, which
nobody int type an integer and second parameter.
It's going to also be an integer.
And you can see right away that we have an issue here because if you have over is going to say no value
pass for parameters first and second, OK?
And you can see right away here, it says, gives us a snapshot of the calculator.
Saying OK at first is going to be in second is going to be end as well.
That means here in the past, for instance, one for the first and 100 for the second parameter.
So these are now arguments.
So whenever we pass something.
These are arguments and these would be parameters.
So in this case, here were passing arguments because we're calling the function.
These are now called arguments in this case here, since we're setting the types of parameters that
need to pass.
We call these parameters.
Just some programming jargon.
All right.
So as you see here, if we run this, we're going to still get the same information that we have here.
However, because we haven't really used first and second parameters.
So in this case here, I'm just going to go and change a set of hardcoded one.
I'm going to say first because it is indeed an end.
There we go, and I can see it's highlighted because that's what we're using and when I say second as
such.
OK, now if I run, we're going to again see the same results because we are passing one and 100 for
the range.
Nothing has changed.
But look how wonderful this is now.
Now I can change this to a thousand.
When we call, we passed the argument from one to a thousand.
So if you run now, what happens is that we get to a thousand because we are dynamically passing the
arguments one in, one out so we can change this.
We can say 11 to 1000 run.
And then, as I see it, still runs.
OK, now the beauty here, of course, is that we are no longer just having to come down here instead
of recalculate function and pass the hardcoded.
That is the values, the first item and the second value, right?
The range.
OK.
And there we have it.
So that is the power.
So now calculate can be used for any number, really.
Of course, we have some issues here because if you pass negative numbers, then that's another issue.
But at least you can see that having to have parameters that we pass along, it makes our function a
little bit more flexible and customizable, and in turn, it's going to be more dynamic.
What I want you to do before I go to the next week is think other ways you can make this even more dynamic
because you notice here there's this number here that is indeed hardcoded.
So would it be awesome to also have that as a parameter here?
So that way, when we call calculate, we have to pass that as an argument.
Okay, think about a way to do that and I'll see you next.